Update documentation (#99)
canonical/kafka-operator: docs/tutorial/t-relate-kafka.md

# Relate your Kafka deployment 

This is part of the [Charmed Kafka Tutorial](/t/charmed-kafka-tutorial/). Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content. 

## Relations
Relations, or what Juju documentation [describes as Integration](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/integration), are the easiest way to create a user for Kafka in Charmed Kafka. Relations automatically create a username, password, and database for the desired user/application. As mentioned earlier in the [Access Kafka section](#access-kafka) it is a better practice to connect to Kafka via a specific user rather than the admin user.

### Data Integrator Charm

> Before relating to a charmed application, we must first deploy our charmed application. In this tutorial we will relate to the [Data Integrator Charm](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator). This is a bare-bones charm that allows for central management of database users, providing support for different kinds of data platforms (e.g. MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Kafka, OpenSearch, etc) with a consistent, opinionated and robust user experience. In order to deploy the Data Integrator Charm we can use the command `juju deploy` we have learned above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using the Kafka cluster, we will now relate our application to the [Data Integrator Charm](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator). This is a bare-bones charm that allows for central management of database users, providing support for different kinds of data platforms (e.g. MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Kafka, OpenSearch, etc) with a consistent, opinionated and robust user experience. In order to deploy the Data Integrator Charm we can use the command `juju deploy` we have learned above:
```

Reviewer: We are telling a story and the tutorial is supposed to be done from top to bottom. We don't have to tell the user that we must first kafka.

```shell
juju deploy data-integrator --channel stable --config topic-name=test-topic --config extra-user-roles=producer,consumer
```
The expected output:
```shell
Located charm "data-integrator" in charm-hub, revision 11
Deploying "data-integrator" from charm-hub charm "data-integrator", revision 11 in channel stable on jammy
```

> ### Relate to MongoDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Relate to Kafka
```
